fix snapshot version
update chagelog
lrqa - 14419 add new property to turn on running tests with poshi runner
fix tsextractor tests
bump engine . io - client
remove observer only if it has been registered
call close ( ) instead of deactivate ( ) in cursortobulkcursoradaptor . close ( )
fix typo in readme . md
prepare release checkstyle - 7 . 1 . 1
updated the version string to the version of t4j
update h2o - flow version to 0 . 5 . 0 with . . . ( # 684 )
missed shift
ignore files generated by the sharpen process
removed non - needed imports
add missing link to the 2 . 0 migration guide .
setting version to 1 . 0 . 133 - snapshot
put that coffee down .
lrqa - 17074 modify java . jdk . type property from x64 to x32
update fonts
make nopass .
fix test data so that it can be compiled
ignore time - zone data
update the changelog file
prepare release v1 . 4
bump engins . io - client
fix error in docking station on chunk unload , fixes # 2898
prepare 3 . 0 . 0 release
update travis conf
remove reference to melomel
fix indentation
enabled whole module optimization
set min width for add dialog .
added storm - 816 to changelog
update support annotations to 23 . 0 . 1
bumped version to 1 . 3 . 3
remove ignoresnapshots , we no longer use snapshot of commons jci
clarify prev / next meaning
update travis config
fix bug 558 , pimage . save ( ) method not working with get ( )
fixing debian init script to work on ubuntu lts
added recognizer . removeerrorlistener ( ) to recognizer . py
run findbugs on main only ( # 4131 )
added missing osgi - inf to build . properties
setting version to 3 . 0 . 1 - snapshot
removed unused line
changed the behaviour of sendkey so that any key event kan be sent
add mention of 4321 / 4411 to news
ninja - add debug log statement to mv builder scheduled at startup
bump up druid version to 0 . 4 . 0
removed tag flyway - 1 . 6
change default fbo cache size to 0
added storm - 166 to changlog
cancel all pending root scan requests on dispose .
prevent insanely long passwords from crashing systemui
change _username_ field input type in nux sign in
lps - 48807 remove eol
changed version back to ' dev build '
fixing the packaging for the sqliteexception
prepare for next development iteration
add storm - 2081 to changelog
fixed indentation in .
skip tests pending resolution of jbas - 8339
require maven 3 . 1 . 1 or better
fixed bug in svn class with wrong release branch name .
updated changelog . txt .
remove logall since it doesn ' t trigger anymore
adds todo for instantiatecroutonview
updated todo . txt
fixed text highlight alignment when text has nonzero padding .
fix typo in the android section of concept / buckconfig
update spongecommon for destructentityevent cause fix .
annotate stacktrace only in " analyze stacktrace " and thread dump console .
update build tools
fixed problem with gethighestfnscope method
bump parent pom reference .
add profvis package to install dependencies
bumped gradle plugin
add storm - 1872 to changelog
include missing dep for now
bump the version
fixed method signature
add todo on replacing pstreams with native implementation
minecraftforge / fml @ c2b919d339e5f63271cfb67a77235c21c5c3b80e don ' t validate signatures in dev env .
travis should also use the gradle wrapper
set component configurations correctly for trident spouts
lps - 50604 add @ override
fix changelog ( 2 . 1 . 15 is frozen )
prepared version 0 . 2 - snapshot .
setting default name for multi - project
starting 0 . 5 . 5 - snapshot
changing error to warning
updated the version #
smack 4 . 2 . 0 - alpha1
fixed bug in gettype
fixed create - test - suite command
set javadoc encoding in utf - 8
prepared version code / name for release
update changes , added 1 . 1 . 1 version notes .
try different sources setting to attach and deploy sources artifacts
modify travis configuration to run embeded tests
removing jdk6 from the travis file again .
add some .
added vote , and corrected mvn . properties . default ( added back al2 license to property file )
fix typo in pom . xml
removing failing / missing module
remove allowbackup property from manifest
add contributing . md to manifest
pubdev - 2843 - added full regularization path extraction to python
add " \ n " to processed response
remove forgotten cli module reference in parent pom
add missing sideonly in basemod
corrected test data
setting version to 1 . 0 . 62
removed the 3 . 5 . x branch .
fixed data info merge issue .
add internet permission
remove stray import of java . util . list
fix ringback return value .
removed tag roboguice - 1 . 1 . 1
added storm - 548 to changelog .
add storm - 567 to changelog
added storm - 414 to changelog
suppress another flaky test .
grails - 5883 - fixed bug in domain class mock constructor that caused an instance of the super class to be returned instead of the target class .
improve gitignore
allow panes to raise themselves again
missing import
remove evil tabs
unused include file
modify gitignore file .
added tag 0 . 3 for changeset 76f63d1e55a2
run spark - submit command with bash - c
fixed version number
added relative path to the parent pom so that the user won ' t need to
added missing method to check if a baseobject3d . java is visible .
updated project . props to lollipop
prepare next release v0 . 91 . 1 - snapshot
adding words suggested by users
fixed long_desc
set origin type with normal type
don ' t draw the current state if we are forcing another invalidation .
added encrypted bintray api key to the travis file .
fix # 47 - update docs
prepare version 25 - beta1 .
using glassfish - integration instead of glassfish
fix merge conflict resolution
add @ override to overriden method .
fix typo which cause stack overflow if children ( ) was called
added instructions on how to build the files from ndk
remove plugins / from gitignore
lps - 8222 fixed invalid markup causing the template not being loaded .
reset loaded document on script execution .
align chevron vertically with text to right
fixes
fix frameworksservicestests . apk to include libnativehelper . so
fixed missing pr comment .
fix compilation with - pyarn
upgrade ui spice list sample
destroy folding model in three - side viewer
added a link to how javafx bindings work .
remove unnecessary dependency on clang headers .
idea - 103375 fix understanding git submodule roots
marking the settings contentprovider as singleuser
added info for forked - path workaround
ignore blogs - demo 1 . 0 . 0 prep next
adding basic metric support
add more locations to gitignore
removed echo
commit actually correct vizmodel fix .
use an opaque background for the search bar in legacy searchdialog .
temporarily disable javalineindentprovider not to break tests
prevent spring - boot - actuator - docs from pulling in h2
convert gitversiontest to junit
added test - output to .
upgrade version .
added storm - 1191 to changelog
run manage . py as __main__
add ril_request_set_initial_attach_apn .
prepare for next development iteration
tweak class loader
fix doc for eclipse profile generation
tweaked sign on dialog
undoing a test change to droidgap
push version to 16 - beta2 , 15011 .
update maven dependency plugin
update build tools to 21 . 0 . 2
removed comment
added eclipse specific files / folders to .
resolve conflict with filesystem package
adding storm - 1393 to changelog .
put back abstract version number
added storm - 1206 to changelog
lps - 36002 localized input fields have broken tooltips and hide on hover
fix test failure on some platforms
updated license date
fix attribute reference in readme
added the lcurly for switch statements
remove unused import
reconfigured cobertura plugin to produce xml and work with coveralls plugin .
removed groupid ( duplicates parent ) .
added chronic to dependencies
add download source of demo
lrqa - 14590 add new property to available properties
removing targetsdkversion from library .
turn off unit tests in fbthrift / wangle
fade scroll bars for status fragment
gh - 50 switch unordered key generation from fnv32 to fnv64 ( sears )
set openpgp api to v2 . 4
added min sdk version to androidmanifest . xml
add storm - 1344 to changelog
set appropriate java opts for fuse
changed default ask timeout to 10 minutes
lrqa - 27145 add shield test property
try parallelising on appveyor .
remove 111
lps - 64588 git ignore theme lars
fix readme about usage .
add a note that states that you have to use @ qualifier instead of @ bindingannotation in order for the generated code to work correctly .
add field for java pc rendering
add isscreenon ( ) to localpowermanager interface so we can call it from phonewindowmanager
remove custom project site css .
add warning when getcontext is null .
make advanced view persistent .
remove reindex from plugins list
add google repos
add 1464 to changelog
fix setreleaselabel ( ) .
updated the editorconfig based on sam ' s feedback .
canvas . rotate ( ) expects degrees
disable animation
deprecate sqldialect . postgresplus
change the command executed by travis .
lps - 56746 missing alter table
prepare release storm - hdfs - 0 . 1 . 1
fix npe in getforegroundtintlist
added lib folder to ignore
upgrade parent pom version .
implement placeholder about dialog
upgrade nebula netflixoss plugin to 3 . 2 . 3
ignore gradle - related files and directories
travis only build master
removed openjdk8 from build tests
removed " target " entry from gitignore , allowing to commit changes to the " org . springframework . aop . target " package
ignore android studio build output
fixing warning message layout size
remove version from readme
added a " docs " convenience task
test coverage ignore private constractor
fix a bug with nullpointerexception thrown
add billing activity to manifest
skip cobertura for releases
close the http connection in the callable
inadvertently removed method
remove extra spacing
clj - 1854 make line number available on synthetic method
update sidebar to remove ' contents ' which looked like it applied to one section only , whereas it ' s all contents
testing travis - ci workaround
simplify range check for audio_mode_t ( continued )
lps - 59960 exclude classes directory for intellij modules
added parsing of cython enums
lps - 7723 portlet title text show text cursor for editable component
changing default value for controldir .
fixed problem with gethighestfnscope method
added deprecated note
fix a typo that prevented glteximage2d codepath to work
gh - 46 fixed typo in redisclient
fix phrases
revert log4j change , again
caching dependencies to speed up pr builds
fixed test data
add diffutils to notice file
keep javax . inject . inject annotation in compiler after shrink
fixing gitignore
don ' t need null check
remove accidental import
ignore mac os x filesystem metadata .
add padding between rating icons
ignore writetimouttestcase
added adjustviewbounds = true to the mshot so the lock icon appears larger for private blogs
lps - 52290 update version
enable cap_block_suspend capability for system server
fix flag value collision
lps - 51658 should also clean test - results
use correct tomcat plugin version .
keeping intellij files in git for now
actually reference the fixed proguard flags .
add note about constant join criteria
fix proguard
added storm - 1253 to changelog
add notes about jdi
bumping module .
elasticsearch bootstrap help shouldn ' t mention plugins
lps - 65749 prep next , use latest
made javadoc classifier maven standard
remove " final " modifier for eventbus
reverted change to logging file ( was not the right logging file ) .
ignore executiontimemillis when comparing explain results , as it varies per execution and therefore causes occasional build failures
add media_projection_service to the servicename list .
update travis for jdk8
close the outputstream when audit has finished
added storm - 611 to changelog
added one line of space before main screen footer .
remove unused import - try to kick start github sync
initial support for i18n ruby find usages support + fixed tests on yaml backend
updating to gremlin 0 . 8
bump packager version to match github
fixed border on table with btns
allow external file picker
fix uninitialized variable in surfacetexture
lps - 35633 add missing language key
numberpicker truncates the edited value .
make gestures visible again .
add the the previously deleted build - tools .
fix sortedset cqlsh formatting ( follow - up to cassandra - 10513 )
prepared for next development iteration
android - library is deprecated use com . android . library instead
fix resource filtering for graylog2 - radio
change action item min width to be 45dp which will make the smallest size a square .
changed project target to a - 18
ignore bin directory
updated version to 0 . 4 . 0
prevent detecting some incorrect words as correct
create configbase , since it is no longer created elsewhere .
add superfinalize checkstyle rule
bump pegasus version
fix parentheses balancing in readme
added fork .
sonar - 5329 - added activity table to databaseversion for cleaning .
remove dead variable _hdfsactive .
fix indent
git ignore netbeans project configuration files
updated changes
and fix a typo in the one line change
set twlayoutmanager to have vertical orientation by default
do not merge fix finalization
commented out the package tag used by javadoc plugin , because javadoc was confused
add line back into pom
install rsconnect rather than shinyapps on windows
fix audio preprocessing library wrapper
fix npe in volley stream fetcher
fix package name
add gradle resolvedeps into intructions
upgraded gradle plugin .
incrementing version to 1 . 9 . 0rc1
added missing newline at end of file
improve message when database must be upgraded
tolerate no existing rmarkdown package archive
adding webkitvisibilitystate to webkit document externs .
nexus 4 is using rmnet_usb0 as 3g interface
remove tez_smb_1 from tests .
default native proto to correct port in config
hide audioattributes . usagetostring ( ) method
fix bug in non - choreographer looper
bumped version
idea - 95867 please map an " xml catalog " topic
remove unnecessary getter
updated the google search scenario as the original text is no longer shown
grails - 7541 - added missing dependency on i18n plugin by domain - class plugin .
covariant equals check compilable ut inputs
added storm - 757 to changelog
remove - - debug option
replaced test - setup .
fix typo
remove automatic left factoring declaration from java . g4 since the processing is currently very slow
adding caching to travis
push version to 12 - beta6 , 221 .
updated snapshot version to 0 . 3
add # 1968 to changes
update xsoup version to 0 . 2 . 2
woops java type checks !
update travis
added redirect template
update library reference
make app module field private .
disable other test .
update deprecated link
prepare for next development iteration
updating gitignore
bump openssl submodule to 1 . 0 . 1g
updated version
upping the version to 2 . 0 - beta
fix the merge for forge
add yan to team
shutdown the actor system after we are done with it .
fixing c macro
fixed bug in new entity sound hook .
bump android build tool version .
add slash to path .
update doc commit pointer
increases the amount of supported waving blocks to 16 .
hhh - 9201 - evict cache instead of remove after transaction completion
lps - 22834 default it to false
upgraded target versions
fix crash when using alert ( ) polyfill due to null callback
fixed typo in mucmember table definition .
prepare version 29 - beta2 .
removed bin from .
fix gif url
add jmeversion to .
make trunk 1 . 9 - dev
prepared for next development iteration
disable watch service based file watching for now
help ids
added storm - 468 to changelog
remove runit_nopass_nfoldextractor .
added newline .
set jdk version to 8 .
add mongolastic into misc
adding libtool
add missing translation
fix hashcode
lps - 57968 add action to auth . public . paths
include separator below title
added storm - 762 to changelog
don ' t run dsym on bundles
fix rhodi kl file axes
remove recycle of b2cconverter when used for uri conversion .
added tostring ( ) method in neoapp . neoapprelationshiptype . . . otherwise
support single backslash tex math
reverted changelog
set default profile dev
make map zoomable on double - tap
remove coming in 2 . 0 . 0
disabling jacoco by default
lrqa - 22677 add new property for separating flaky tests
squelching the noisy travis per discussion in irc
fix failing test
skip install step when building on travis
fix test
add version + 1
fix a bug for users with space in home path .
don ' t return an unmod collection .
also remove old ' profile ' define
wait more and push more elements in to flume
fix accountmanagerservicetest
add temporary class object icon for structure and project views
arrange the sub - task order of clean task in order to execute cleanlocalmavenrepos task at the end .
move hwui tests to libc + + .
add session scope id constant
actually set the autobind flag with the specified value ( # 1038 ) .
added storm - 298 to changelog
adding batch and update flags to maven build invocation
use same line - height for paragraphs
propagate constant name / version to magic property name / version .
do not refresh field statistics by default
remove incorrect postag jj for ' earlier ' and ' earliest '
remove redundant commands in travis config .
revert " next development version "
add correct mvn version to travis . yml
remove unnecessary argument to start script .
add build number to archive name
prepare next development version .
removed normalize from lfw
re 3 . 0 - rc - 1 version bump
fix memory leaks in throwable
add maven repository needed by wpandroid
make the remote control desktop sharing check box non - opaque on windows and linux .
upgrading parent version .
remove invalid generics from warningsoverload group .
fix a little annoyance , ignore emacs interlock files
add maven - surefire - plugin encoding
replace hardcoded pi with math . pi
support stencil - based clipping for functors
fixed multiple db calls
upgraded the version in the parent pom references in our example components to 3 .
bump version in instructions
bump common ref for isarealoaded fix .
added note for translators .
bumped nebuladotnetflixoss from 2 . 2 . 3 to 2 . 2 . 5
update changes
restrict s3 deployment to actual tarball
lps - 67643 reactivate test
add options . settrustedstrings ( true ) to ant jscomp
@ deprecated does not have effect in groovy
delete obsolete todo
moving back to servlet 3 . 0 . 1 as 3 . 1 . 0 requires jdk7
remove unused field from assetmanager .
removed unnecessary tag
bump commons - pool2 to latest version
add custom elasticsearch repo on google code
add missing tag
fix a broken test utility causing many apple tests to be skipped
added storm - 1416 to changelog
add stubs needed to enable javac to compile lambdas
force a difference in the timestamps by sleeping for 1 millisecond .
fix build break
bug when replacing user created masks
add aphyr ( kyle kingsbury ) to contributors list
consider default zoom scale for mobile viewport .
fix config
prepare next development version .
do not need regex anymore .
fixes java 1 . 5 compatibility .
adding storm - 1395 to changelog .
fixed path issue
groovy test module has a runtime dependency onto the " ant " module for tests
add words suggested by users
remove background color from welcome fragment
set default srcdir as delivered by the osolopengrok package
prepare release acra - 4 . 6 . 0
remove superfluous ` after " mvn clean validate - p checkstyle "
remove unnecessary method
updated release number
add new buildout dirs to gitignore
changed path to libraries
upgraded netty to 4 . 0 . 23
lps - 69838 add empty property
lps - 57379 fix potential future bug
corrected the groovybundleversion in build . properties for the new 1 . 8 . 0 - beta - 1 branch .
add module settings action to dependencies trees
fix webview automaticallyadjustcontentinsets error
remove example module from parent pom . xml
upgrade release plugin
upped dependency version for bukkit .
make phoneaccount . capability_video_calling public
ignore calevent - importer 1 . 0 . 4 prep next
ignore all hidden file in linux .
revert " revert " add play and pause keycodes and remove play_pause keycode . "
multi - window support added for android n
move test file into temp folder
shorten guid prefix
fix incorrect header depth in the documentation
setting version to 1 . 0 . 105
fix missing date import in restore . java
fix android codegen tests
add missing comma
allow fat jar creation
update changes
lrqa - 25802 add portal - staging - ee component
use this ( ) in constructor
add gpu - image library
fix revision for native git instead of git svn
broken plugin script , closes # 1474 .
adding some memory settings that any forked surefire tests can utilize
upgraded parent version .
fixing a failing unit test .
added storm - 1590 to changelog
smack 4 . 0 . 5 - snapshot
removing unused override .
removed log4j from comment in pom
enable all travis notifications in branch - 5 . 6
add tools . jar optional dependency
add storm - 1835 to changelog . md
fix an infinite exception storm triggered by defaultchannelhandlercontext . invokeinboundbufferupdated ( )
javac ( at least for 1 . 7 . 0_51 on mac ) wants fully qualified class name
use explicit conversion of shared_ptr to boolean
add credentials on the command line
removed a todo mark which is not going to be fixed ( it just works and is not reusable at this moment . )
changed default resolution to 320x240
released orientdb 2 . 1 . 0 ga
added missing benchmarkrunner config for json - lib json databind
better faster smaller roaring bitmaps
catch badly formed urls in webview accessibility injector .
prepare for next development iteration
fix the syntax error in doc tutorial
add gc thread to rsgl .
fix travis
replacing correct xml tag on editing external annotations .
up ' ed version number
remove < application > tag from manifest
update spongecommon for player slot restore fix .
added test to index . list
bumping git reference
fix naming issue in comment
correct the example maven dependency to include < type > apklib < / type >
bump pegasus to 1 . 8 . 2 to get ' comma in batch_get ids ' fix out
fix indentation
make final
added esperanto translation for tagalog ( tl = . . . )
added missing def
fixed travis for jdk 7
fixed spacing
fixed the artifactid
fixing devbuild breakage
remove another scheduled - for - deletion class from the preload list .
added android arsenal link on readme file
make pyunbound local variable inspection enabled by default
enable security manager in tests
fix bug 5248444 - viewpager reported scroll state out of sync for some
remove versionnamesuffix
should explicitly specify source = 1 . 5 .
reset when release
updated upgrading section
rewrite readonly status dialog ( ideadev - 2453 , ideadev - 8703 , ideadev - 12772 )
changed version to 2 . 0 . 1 - final
begin version 0 . 9 . 11 .
removed forkmode = never on persistit tests
remove dependency on deprecated mms - common module
fix ignore list for prevent committing keystore file
wait a bit
fix typo in docs / index .
releasing v6 . 0 . 14
shortened name of target artifact with all dependencies
fix typo - duplication of sha - 384
index function throws valueerror not keyerror
clarify that frame . strsplit ( ) function takes a regular expression as a parameter
latest build tools version
remove another unneeded dependson
update rest - client ref
remove stray character in pom
make the readme point to the robolectric home page instead of jasmine
switch back to old encog , the new version breaks a test for yet unknown reasons
remove debugger wrapper from argv for ' show command line option ' ( py - 14767 ) .
prepare for next development iteration
make this 13 - beta2 , 242 .
correct compile error .
do not show article tab for non - articles
update the conversations view ( and the lock icon ) after receiving device list
fixed compilation error
fix leaked broadcast receiver
fixed action mode bug with select show on map in my tracks
add api 20 to list used by reference docs .
disable export of artifact
adding storm - 1478 to changelog
add travis secrets for snapshot deployment .
fixed grayscale on p . color . tohsb , which was ignoring range .
py - 1065 reformat and auto - import do not respect space - after - comma preference in multiline imports
help id ( idea - 57112 )
adjust changlog for new version .
spell your name right yo
updated version properties
updated test for groovy - 3401 with a correct example showing that we can put a blankline before the colon
added storm - 412 to changlog
changed return type to be more generic
added storm - 1481 to changelog
sonar - 5209 fix small issue with display scm and duplications
fix incorrect lowercase response headers set for xhr responses
fixed the animation end event .
fixed checkstyle error
fix indent
removed testing release from ' all ' task
delete unused performance tracker
initialize lowlevelconsoleio member of processoptions during construction
added the stabilizer chapter / sections to index .
ignore portal - profile 1 . 0 . 0 prep next
added wrapper task
enabled proguard
added one field more to cycle table .
upgraded proguard to 5 . 1
change travis campfire settings
now deploy the jar as well ; bump version to 0 . 6 . 1 .
ios inapppurchasemanager plugin should accept all possible transactionstates .
lps - 48154 expose it or else eclipse complains
setting version to 1 . 0 . 89 - snapshot
updated test dependencies
switch animator to fixed - rate scheduling
added rscpuexecutable . cpp to compatlib build
fix npe in browsefragment header transition before api 19
add jnilibs . srcdirs
added putc ( ' ! ' )
removed tag roboguice - 2 . 0 - ignoreme6 , roboguice - 2 . 0 - ignoreme4
added support for assertstatement
updated plexus component metadata plugin
lps - 42177 use the default size for the text
dommodeltreeview disposing fixed
i hate double quotes
changed dependencies to milestone versions in preparation of tagging
include strings . h for the strcasecmp prototype .
add method graphtablecell . getrefstothiscommit ( )
use the new graphview subproject
tweaked example
minecraftforge / fml @ ce791cb1f2cf983ef77b1e5c4028ddefab394062 rework eventsubscriptiontransformer to bake @ cancelable and @ hasresult values , should increase eventbus performance even more by removing logic from event constructors .
updated readme for v0 . 1 . 2
fixed javadoc
shutdown of osoftthread now also interrupts the associated thread
lps - 53947 add @ override
fixed a bug in skipelementvalue ( ) when skipping array values .
set android target platform to 21 for ndk
allow travis to use jdk8 in the build matrix
push version to 11247 .
quell ant runtime warnings while executing target build - test
fix changes . txt for 3 . 1
ignore iml files
updating version number to reflect changed apis
upgraded gradle from 2 . 2 . 1 to 2 . 7
remove annoucement on bottomsheetdialog background
added comment to eagerly initialized singleton implementation .
grails - 9431 - include liquibase in the dist
allow categorical encoding .
prepare for next development iteration
bump ref
remove mention of groovy - 6226 ( configure eclipse plugin ) now that the issue is closed
add a fake css font declaration to stop a warning from appearing
add an ensureopen check to publication . positionlimit ( ) .
missing first line of license in header .
fix warnings
fix pom . xml dependency on support - v4
remove redundant test
should not be closing system dialogs when recents is hidden .
setting version to 1 . 0 . 115 - snapshot
includes the notice file in the release
prepare for next development iteration
removed unneeded jsp21 configuration
add default properties for analytics plugin
added eclipse / bin / folder
fix missing imports .
updated ref to oc - android - library after increasing its build target to api level 23
changed the plugin version in plugin . yml to be a string .
capitalize sample app name to avoid issues with jsx
changing changelog for projection / fields changes .
hide structure by default
new build tools
bump up the version number .
shutting off external stop messages once again
invalidate webview after title change
add intellij project files and gradle build directory to gitignore .
prepare 0 . 2 . 0 release
prepare next release v0 . 87 . 4 - snapshot
adding maven set version backups to gitignore
use build tools version 18 . 1 for seriesguide modules .
fix jar building
fix incorrect activity declaration .
cherry pick " fix build " a227db53f0cd30214c393b400436d1e0863396ef into master
git ignore local . properties
add javadoc
lps - 65477 prep next , use latest
remove me note
fix a grammatical error in readme
prepare for next development iteration
prepare release 0 . 8 . 9
sample data
setting sources version 0 . 9 . 11 - snapshot
added missing version
add headers in english version
add g + + and zlib1g - dev to the set of required packages to install bazel on ubuntu .
fix another bug that prevented the gl debugger to work
bump up heap size for ibm jdk
working a bit on the test to see what ' s going on with jenkins .
hide secondary toolbar on startup
adding newline to ensure tests pass on windows
add example datasourcefactory properties to reference . yml
bump version no .
added getter to the user object associated with a base adapter helper
do not dramatize queue overflow events
update location module
removed test which needs to be debugged
install debian packages essential for package building
changed minsdkversion to 8
add jcenter to global repositories .
corrected a tiny comment typo .
volumepreference . onactivitystop only stops playback
initialize audio quality with none instead of amr_wb .
added relative path to the parent pom so that the user won ' t need to
fix version in changes log
ignore test log file
improved demo rules
fixed typo .
edit news
adding the latest contributors
lps - 33429 missing transactional annotation
added executionmemberselector . md to list
rogue line number for try / catch statement confuses ide debuggers
fix conditional .
upgrade flow to 0 . 3 . 10
remove jdk requirement in deb packaing .
add a header description
removed warning
remove a wrong char " 7 "
prepared for next development iteration
ignore os x .
added additional declaration of archivesbasename ( in correct location ) , to fix error in cpp dependency sample
exploding engines should kill themselves
fix applicationinfo copy ctor
rename a property to better reflect reality ( missed one instance in manual fixup of merge conflict )
replaced calls to httpservletrequest . getscheme ( ) , httpservletrequest . host ( ) and httpservletrequest . getpathinfo ( ) with a call to httpservletrequest . getservleturl ( )
remove useless top / left setting
added sortedhashmaptest to pom . xml
do not merge egl14 . eglcreatewindowsurface should set producercontrolledbyapp
disable use of shared memory buffer by soundpool .
setting version to 1 . 0 . 154 - snapshot
don ' t use dynamic dependency for dnsjava
add link to ruby port in readme
prepare for next development iteration
add circle ci node cache
changing name of the lib
lps - 38606 remove unthrown exception
ignore os x index files
update changelog for storm - 461
add todo
restore paragraph control button margin style
remove unused import
bump engine . io - client
include moment - timezone in vendor modules to prevent double loading .
added chromecast to changelog
add access to contentprovider for syncstate .
fix log echo
remove buildtoolsversion from v7 / palette / build .
upgrade job . query to be medium text
reordered some elements for a logical order
set mimebackpressed to true when presenting the image settings dialog .
help topic ( py - 348 )
fix nullpointerexception
update location module
lps - 66860 prep next , use latest
removed test rule from demo
undo the noverify
upgrade previous version for jdiff
fixed fragements back stack problem
remove oracle . sql dependency also from osgi information in pom . xml
identity . combine ( other ) should just return other .
added base port to config
prepare version 23 - beta4 .
bump maven lib version to 1 . 0 . 1 .
updated gradle plugin to 2 . 1 . 2 .
add xml deny functions
fix sample code
apply osgi gradle plugin so the we can use javanica in a osgi enviroment
add binding . unbind
update travis build ant target
updated gradle version
only run one parallel test fork in travis ci .
enforce 1 . 7 compatibility in the plugin .
upgrade travis configuration to run on new infrastructure
push version to 15 . 0 . 4 , 15006 .
updated gradle . properties to newest gradle release version .
lps - 34599 update the dtd , because it ' s documentation for non ide developers
revert " remove rctlog from prod builds "
restored j2objc - framework dependency
idea - 55132 provide ability to setup formatter to use indents relative to expression start
added storm - 764 to changelog
add changes . txt for hdfs - 4953
render array of field graphs instead of map
update min sdk support to 9 , fix async execute not call doinbackground when api version > 9
require at least maven 2 . 2 . 1 , instead of exactly 2 . 2 . 1 .
added type name .
express a dependency on cglib
fix typo
remove blank line
build # 3
update worpress - gradle plugin to 1 . 1 . 1 - supports debug build with local dependencies and release build with artifact dependencies
formatting readme markdown
added nil check to rctmoduledata
bumped version to 1 . 3 . 0 - alpha
fix typo in after_success maven command .
fixed reference to actorserializer
fastarray doesn ' t overwrite tostring ( ) method
added process validation module to root pom
add " uni " ( colloquial for " university " )
fixed eclipse import for migration
skip its in jenkins profile
added type for iterator
lrqa - 25549 prep next , use latest
suppress exception log
bump version of maven - dependency - plugin .
allow subclasses to fiddle with msceneinitialized
solved an issue with loop ( ) being called after noloop ( ) with some
remove unused build step
reflect current implementation in spec .
drop the minimum required version of maven
updated name in readme
fix npe in the test code
build apidoc during package , not during install
remove no longer used ' pdex ' directory
update jira url in pom . xml
removes unused suppresswarnings
module . make now compiles runtime dependencies as well
updated jbq ' s original surfacetexture stubs to make webkit mr1 buildable
update maps version .
fixed timestamp extractor documentation java example
fix incorrect key in config sample
make lightweightmessageformatter . withoutsource ( ) public .
fix test data
don ' t set rlimit on jruby .
remove ' intellij ' entry from .
added github links to readme .
setting version to 1 . 0 . 139 - snapshot
fixed previous check - in
add constant for r versions path
upgrade dependency to maps from _r2 to _r3 .
ignore commons / build
send action_device_policy_manager_state_changed broadcast when a user restriction has been changed .
remove unnecessary output
fixed bug in wrapper script
updated version
ignore journal directory in git .
modify gitignore
invalidate cached data for new name when renaming a table
added libsox - dev to apt - get install line in order to resolve all dependencies
don ' t do anything else if - - pluginlist is specified
lps - 39137 fix bad sf compile error
bump common ref
updated gradle plugin .
add shadow for view . measurespec class
adds the nsnumber + javanumber import to jreemulation . h .
fix default textview gravity
add ' sgml '
xml object now cross references loadxml ref docs
fix bug # 5544127 textview regression in ics when setting textsize dynamically
use new travis ci container infrastructure
updating some rdoc
fix getpass in pydevconsole .
extend dictionary
added setting for " step into project sources only "
removed items
tweak spacing before version grid
hide no - tabs toolwindow on middle - click on base label
lps - 67352 set tab width
do not limit the client ' s heap space ( see flink - 934 )
minecraftforge / fml @ ac994e178a3533aa3c2ad8359aef9e5852c27a72 scala people test your shit .
fix bug when adding months
revert " decreasing default max connections per node to 10 "
added buildsrc to the gitignore
enabled more compilation details
lps - 55112 it ' s already static
removed unusable print statement
changing idref in manual
remove empty destroy ( ) method from glcoloroverlay
fix typo
removed staging repo
fixed protobuf package
fix docs typo in yuv code
fix bug with bad state in animators
optimized imports to keep codenarc happy
add ' flashbuilder ' plugin to clients / flash / build .
preparing wip - release v0 . 1 . 42 - alpha
fix random text insertion
add copyright in license file
updated gradle plugin to 2 . 2 . 0 .
grails - 6047 - this change may resolve grails - 6047 , pending further investigation
remove some dead build code .
add local . properties to gitignore
update multiwords . txt
updated library reference
increase java permgen to 512m for our builds .
fix sample code for any orientation .
add module to parent pom definition
updating the timeout due to known travis issues
stopped eclipse plugin download java docs
replace nimbus . host with nimbus . seeds
svn revert change
setting version to 1 . 0 . 62 - snapshot
added invalidatemaster method to control that behaviour from outside
refresh settingsmodified flag on apply ( )
use global bower binary to update dependencies .
update travis config
fixed accidental suppressing of errors in unit tests
forgot appending & # no_issue
add jslayoutjs to accepted jsdoc annotations .
fix infinite loop when starting buckd with a .
upped initial buffer size to 1k to be consistent with the pooled version
groovy console - - option to auto - save on run - added missing action mapping entry
add missing branch
add storm - 1715 to changelog . md
corrected map version in pom . xml
removed two extra lines from the merge in r2055
ignore vendored bundle .
adjusted size of first section head to match others
added missing link .
fredricho / jonathanl - fixed issue with views not recycling on media grid
push version to 237 .
fix broken build .
set default quality to 50
but this time try it without broken links .
add emacs backup files to .
rename a test rule
fix javadoc plugin errors
add shared library extensions from other platforms to .
removed unnecessary annotation
fix shippable . yml syntax
tweak spacing in news
add lang - python module
allow dots in hostnames ; ) # no_issues
remove verbose log from audiopolicymanagerbase .
set correct version
remove tez_smb_1 from tests .
fixed typo
remove stray popbackstack fixes # 3446
remove unused import
override bootstrap styles for ' pre ' elements
enable git vcs at idea via gradle
made fnexpr public
fix abstracttfs compilation with hdfs1
wrap long metric names to available space
add modules section
added javadoc task
update location module
add sys / wait header
bind manager web ui to 192 . 168 . 49 . 1 as well
add hunspell to notice
fix uninitialized variable in displayhardware
prepared 2 . 0 . 4 release
prepare library for development
set the " release " signingconfig to betagroup releasetype
install rsconnect rather than shinyapps on windows
lordfocas added to the travis builds
setting version to 1 . 0 . 140 - snapshot
fix use of skmutex .
removed test with error
remove fast scroll
reset example . pjs .
add exuberant ctags dependency to travis
invalidate subtitleview during settext ( )
doxia - module - markdown 1 . 5 supports page titles
fix a failing test input file
exclude pulling in netty from org . jbossdotnetty group ( # 664 )
remove extraneous endif
add main / dependency - reduced - pom .
downgrading server to jersey 1 . 3 due to issue with loading of external jax - rs packages .
added redundant abstract method declarations to maybe work around problems on nokias
mpg123 index . h needed unistd . h
lps - 9581 add missing property in portal . properties for setting lock expiration time in mb
added semaphore conf to the index .
fix param for metrics consumers
reset last rendered text on render end
raised minsdkversion
add storm - 1467 to changelog
adding jetty - jaas module to build for jetty - 9
bump common ref for inventory fixes .
include server examples in the build .
updated changes
bump graylog2 version
added storm - 1254 to changelog
fix a compiling error when trying to use setbuffercount
fix nsinvalidargumentexception
cannot make unit test pass with travis ci , disable for now
remove unused rscpuruntimemathfuncs . cpp file .
need h2o for runtime python version recognition
fix sysout with trailing messages after a newline
remove deleted keylayout from makefile
fix failing test
add @ remotableviewmethod to textview # setenabled
add docker import
removed unused import
sonar - 4704 fix display of rails error messages on issues in resource viewer
took out jdk6 from the travis build
add triggers readme
add back derby settings as running in ide without maven and properties set
fixed typo
lps - 53563 plugin visibility in personal sites is impacted by the user not being in the power user role
add missing access check .
setting example schema version to 1000
get share link
add dependency
make forge dependency required
adding print to err stream when there ' s an http call made that doesn ' t match any response rules .
renamed an incorrectly named test .
fix typo
suppress noclassdeffounderror ( support info )
keep string pool until after strcpy
prevent new ripples when max reached
add a future todo item about including urls
specified number_of_shards 5 to make sure the two docs end up in different shards that can be refreshed separately
preparing for release 3 . 5 . 0
added core . transform to core . pom
test travis ci .
updated changedlog
fix a problem with some hardware devices .
upgraded netty to 4 . 1 . 1
lep - 6944 - avoid ajax request caching on liferay . service
fixing junit dep scope to test
fixed travis configuration
don ' t need this workaround any more .
remove @ tobefixed from knowntags .
expose atmosphererequest ' s internal _request field
reset codeinsighttestfixture in teardown
remove unneeded commented - out suppresswarnings .
update version to 1 . 0 . 0 .
don ' t sanitize pipeline group name in getgroup
removed system out .
shutting down the listener thread properly { smack - 120 }
add hadoop - gremlin to plugins . txt
roll back avs version
report the version of java found by zap . sh
ignore disconf - web for build
enable checkstyle for tests
add task for running checkstyle and codenarc
enable strict mode assumption for those using ecmascript 5 .
define height for context images to avoid content jumps on load
removed commented line
throw unsupportedoperationexception in not implemented method
moved ( copied ) components and ported to kernel / index / shell 1 . 0 - snapshot .
check for correct capability for showing desktop sharing
remove println ( ) from debugger testdata
fix a test failure after the timeout refactoring
minecraftforge / fml @ 4981aa3421262c3c1c4705468fe202df8198b9f0 fix potential npe in villager skin registry .
avoid npe on shutdown if application doesn ' t use websocket
add library path for openssl ( macos sierra )
documented tojson charset isssue and file content type with media type
revert " build x module by default . "
added files in .
reinstantiated ignored test .
remove " allowbackup " from this file
improve speed of message detail action
update ignore file
add synchronization to close ( )
fix a bug for users with space in home path .
fix submodule reference .
lps - 46809 - table borders not showing
fix bug 3497341 - take list padding into account when drawing
ignoring kannotator in testdata .
centering ful fixes b / 7480608
actually fix travis . ci ?
added storm - 126 to changelog
fix npe when branding isn ' t present
bumped parent versions from 2 - snapshot to 2
fixed # 1156
smack 4 . 1 . 6 - snapshot
missing import
fixing iso - build
put h2o - package output file in .
add notifications for irc
fixed small comments
remove comma
focus editor on cmd + e find next
added twine to python
bumping version to 1 . 5 . 1 .
removed empty line as per review nit .
prepare for next development iteration
fix the build .
log_assert needs a message .
restore default code sign to avoid error on ios 9 . 2
removed test
fix bug in bytebuffer . getall if the list is empty
upgrading aws sdk
added comment describing jdt bug workaround .
fixed a bug where the margins where not updated correctly
display field chart color information on left side
fixed bug with background getting redrawn every frame even if not called in draw loop .
fixed test data
bump gradle wrapper to 1 . 10
accessibility focus should not affect the currently active window .
set hostname to tachyonmaster . local or tachyonworker # .
remove unused import .
fixing relative path of android module
gh - 31 - removed integration tests from travis
stop any running dhcp client before bringup up an ethernet interface
fixed compilation error for ' html ' class usage .
fix oracle column
added back in author / revision info
detect broken connection via sqlexception
added testing modules to jooq - parent
added branch name to version
fix travis again and again .
idea - 146663 typing on the replace field causes search preview to refresh
upgraded logback to 1 . 1 . 9
add support for the firebird database - fixed current_user ( )
fix test ' s name
fixed title of web page from kairosdb 2 to kairosdb .
bump the version number to 2 . 2b2
migrate ui to supportsmultipleusers ( ) .
fixing mac installer ( of - 431 )
give access to the defining classloader
fix xml end tag .
fix symbol prefix for ffi_closure_sysv_inner on darwin .
add case insensitive command .
add rootproject name
revert " fix forge ore dictionary support for the assembly table "
commented out line to log unused code
revert sourcesets modification . . .
add the servlet 3 . 0 schemas
add private constructor to tachyon . format
fix relativepath property for application pom
properly remove references to the original compilerinput after the hot - swap is done .
configure email reports to optionally disable sending if no anomalies are detected
remove redundant brace in build . gradle
fix build
fix return node after addding other node .
ignoring further changes to gradle . properties
set origin type with normal type
remove redundant setting of class loader
hopefully fix # 48
lps - 67656 prep next , use latest
prepare next development version .
remove an unneeded assignment
update android build tools
update server metrics
fix ant .
add dependency - reduced - pom . xml to .
remove api - common module from parent pom
relocate gluster mount point to / tmp to allow non - root to create a local fs cluster
jetty - 9 removed old modules
add storm - 2092 to changelog
lrqa - 26139 prep next , use latest
add javadoc link to jdk 5 apis
add releasebackup to ignore
you must either define the environment variable or call settings . configure ( ) before accessing settings .
add indices . requests . cache . clean_interval as a known settings
add correct exception throw declaration to isscreenbrightnessboosted .
add external link to test page
don ' t create unnecessary renderthread ' s instance when executing ' dumpsys gfxinfo '
reverting release . scope = patch
upgraded the version on the parent pom from sonatype
bump the version to 1 . 2 . 7
do not ant . info ( ) stage message if state printer is assigned
closes # 347
filesystemcompiler # generatefilenamesfromoptions is adding filenames multiple times
remove javadoc warning
fixed soft - dependencies broken by previous commit .
setting version to 1 . 0 . 136
fix yahoo muc .
updated the 3 . 2 release notes
switch jcenter / mavencentral order
grails - 7540 wasn ' t setting the grailsapplication , so the config override was being ignored
make blueprints - test a test scope dependency
updated submodules
ignore project files of eclipse and intellij idea ides
gradle should match project . properties after d816483a7cd4d98b5b136139ccaacd322e0ab5b6
ignore vagrant / bin / * .
missing semi colon stopped packer from compiling js .
correct the build identifier
updated example config . yml .
added ipv6 support to nginx configuration
upgrading jackson
fix deprecation warning .
exclude stress / thrift from jacoco
update sample gradle setting
hhh - 5294 declare source files encoding to utf - 8 to avoid maven warning
excluded nightlytest in the default profile
remove errant tag terminator
codenvy - 338 remove explicit guice dependency version ( # 1556 )
remove svg interpreter
setting version to 1 . 0 . 69 - snapshot
remove ubuntu - toolchain - r - test from apt sources to try if debian sid is sufficient
write checkstyle to stdout .
add missing websocket dependency
fixed typo .
fix build , previous commit failed to remove an import
add email notification address
minecraftforge / fml @ e1529845384f4935b7c11d4d36d25db51c0b9a31 add support for mod access transformers without a coremod requirement .
remove redundant code from # 2051
adding - daemon option to zookeeper - server - start .
remove unnecessary dependency in build . gradle ( # 4086 )
reduced visibility of aggregationoptions . builder constructor to private
push version to 15 . 0 . 3 , 15005 .
tools shifting sands
add a runtime dependency on validation - api
ignore dist folders
added tag 0 . 0 . 7 . 7 for changeset cb85fc62c818
don ' t update file status if project is already disposed ( ideadev - 25430 )
temporarily disable intermittent tests on the maven grid
model - core should no longer leak test output files
removed unused method
remove stray semi - colon .
updated changes . txt
build layer immediately when setting it in viewpropertyanimator
fixed bug in nginx configuration that prevented https of working fine
updated build configuration to version 3 . 1 . 0
updated docs
specify default service name for coordinator
upgrade ivy 2 . 2 . 0 rc to final
only show public members in javadoc .
update changelog for storm - 69
fix build .
initialize smartlockautofill again
fix build
make threads configurable through environment
remove bold from labels
fixing the version file , it got auto - incremented by coho by accident
fix off - by - one issue when removing from iterator
lps - 50974 fix compile error
add a blank line to mockriltest . java
fix repository language statistics by adjusting .
do not merge use correct param for heightmode in relativelayout horizontal measure
see changelog . md
disable reloading for scripts with dates in the future
remove build of orchestrator
removed tag roboguice - 2 . 0b1
added workaround for broken openjdk7 on travis
ignore a few files
migrate to container based infrastructure
update android gradle plugin to 1 . 0 . 1
don ' t draw the selection pointer on long press .
setting version to 1 . 0 . 123
fixed the check used to decide if it the given view id is from an action item or a simple view .
added sqllogic . log to .
updated changes . txt
update upcomingchanges
typo cont ' d ( remove deprecated method in trunk )
set version slot
add 333
bump to version alpha - 6
fix ' jumping ' field chart widgets .
lps - 56976 countertransactionexecutor does not need the basetransactionexecutor , just directly implements transactionexecutor
remove extra line at end of document that was accidentally added
tostring usage example had a typo in it ( used ' excludes ' instead of the correct ' exclude ' ) .
bump pegasus version for release of 1 . 9 . 18
add svn todo comment
bumped parent version from 2 - snapshot to 2
fixed art background color
use new oss - parent 9
removed assignment in psurfacejogl
add okio dependence to keep it up to date
update filerequest
fix android_media_audiosystem_getmastermute return type .
fix testdata
maven web project should name the war " source . war "
android package name requires at least two segments
detect misspelling " busenbrenner "
run client tests in a single process because of a failure in the testcluster
label adjust description .
shorten the interval to reconnect the disconnected ime
removed folder config
updated release - proguard . txt to fix # 159
set keystore for previewexport .
fix pylint build file ( # 1005 )
capitalize first letter of the folder name
grails - 4412 removed unnecessary redirect in scaffolding
added other implementations
add 9 . 1 release date .
update readme for new usage
remove dangling reference to bazel - tools
sonar - 4930 fix service name
added sams name ( damn i got distracted , meant to do this some time ago )
fix failing test
setting version to 1 . 0 . 68
add tachyon - site .
write checkstyle to stdout .
update travis . yml
add description
modify the changelog
setting version to 1 . 0 . 73
kill a once - used temporary variable
remove duplicate register call
let ' s check dart plugin too
add @ deprecated to make sure it is not part of 1 . 0 . 0 api
setting project version as well from the preparerelease task , although this isn ' t currently used .
add ' elasticsearch ' comment to indexer . yml
fix noisy exception logging
fix a leak from aacencoder . cpp
set createdefaultusers to true ( for now ) .
add break statement on load extractor from form
fix automerge issue
lrqa - 29060 never set result to null
ignore dictionary - web 1 . 0 . 2 prep next
add back 8 . 8 . 8 . 8
set init log level to debug
added a todo
added gradle . properties to resolve # 8
extracted invocationonmock interface
updating versionname and versioncode for 4 . 2 release
upgrade the antlr plugin version used 2 . 0 - snapshot - > 2 . 1 - snapshot
fix small rendering bug when item is hovering over advancedslot .
prepare for next development iteration
schedule traversal instead performing it directly .
fix problem in mfileprojectionmap
remove mention of groovy - 6226 ( configure eclipse plugin ) now that the issue is closed
added gl_patches as new constant
lps - 48078 add unit tests
fixed pom . xml making a ' true ' file .
starting 0 . 5 . 4 - snapshot
added dbkg target
fixing mac installer ( of - 431 ) not only for installing , but also upgrading .
fix symbolextractor implementation for unionnode
changed components to use parent pom v 4 , producing source and javadoc jar packages .
prepare release 2 . 3 . 0
renamed _percolator to .
updated version code
add fullbackupcontent to sample android manifest
minecraftforge / fml @ 5d6dc5dce37e488188d6fc468c16e8a6183a3610 fix up other exit points .
changed min_adapter_stack to < =
fix findbugs warning
fix gradle setup in ' integrating with existing apps '
unit tests write log into logs folder .
run the spock - specs tests in parallel .
release new version .
remove snapshot to push to maven
removed permgen option , not available in jdk8
fix npe in style fragment parse
added tag 0 . 0 . 7 . 3 for changeset 98cb7e78cfaf
disable unique snapshot versions
add storm - 1482 to changelog . md
lps - 15480 ignore pattern for the temporary aui . tld
switched build log level to warn
moved gradle to 1 . 10 and gradle - plugin 0 . 8
do not remove the scope
move cf and ks validation out of thrift
preserve explicit consumed state in replacesystemwindowinsets do not merge
make isms optional ( support info )
remove focus from focused control when dialog is loaded
updated version
set default icon size to 24dp
remove redundant call to ` setbuildfile `
adding me ( stephane maldini ) in cop .
smack 4 . 1 . 0 - rc3
missing tld .
fixed heap spec for functional tests
lps - 18821 add it to the interface so it can be called ( in case it ' s needed in the future )
added storm - 274 to changelog
added matthias and josh to the travis ci email notification list .
updated submodules
added node_modules dir
added morganchen12 to contributors
add util and .
set classpath scope for exec - maven - plugin to " compile "
uploaded v1 . 0 . 2
fix javadoc of dbcursor # curr ( )
setting version to 1 . 0 . 72 - snapshot
add gitcommit to version resource
updated the package description
idea - 73567 svn repository browser doesn ' t work for default project any more
updated the git ignore file .
plantextbytes = > plaintextbytes
add missing commit
build tools 19 . 1 . 0
revert " sync "
changed default sms - wait - interval to 1 min
update druid
update travis logging
missed import
add test_uuid .
add new rules
build . gralde add libs dirs
updating changelog for 1 . 5
upgrade xerces dependency for cxf ( qa failing due to xml parser changes of yesterday )
restore credits removed by r1003846
replace derby by h2 in data / readme .
fix deadlock in xmppconnection while login and parsing stream features ( for tigase servers )
remove code highlighted as unused by ucdetector
keep ucrop classes in proguard
push ci .
don ' t actually fail build on clirr error
use assert_equal appropriately
move @ externs out of @ fileoverview .
set skip to int type , important for xxe
lps - 46229 divide shopping ' s configuration properties into service and portlet sections .
add backfacevisibility to imagestyleproptypes
require maven 3 . 0 . 4
remove debug message
missed a webkit prefix
fix clang warnings
remove viewpager from the list of missing views
remove useless code .
reverted safevarargs because of oracle license restrictions
ignore buckup files
updating changelog
add trevor and yuki to pairs
add filter and scope parameters when creating terms stats facet
build gradle
fix git submodule permission
fix build break
print " success " on success
update the externs for notification so that " window . notification " and " notification " have the same type .
build break fix
added storm - 807 to changelog
add missing @ override annotation .
bumped docs version
change groupid to com . fivehundredpx
record git - commit - plugins
adding intellij ' s ' out ' directory to .
update changes
fixed typon in example from address
update the externs for notification so that " window . notification " and " notification " have the same type .
invalidate progress bar every time the holding cell is requested for uploads in progress
fixed issue # 199
improved list
bump local threads
updated change list
lrqa - 26245 add test property for running functional test on firefox 45
remove env var as no longer necessary
update pom version
maven central requires fixed version
fixed typeo in test
added linksource to javadoc so we can navigate from javadoc to source code
define the minsdkversion variable
removed override .
changed version to 0 . 5 - rc2
lrqa - 28741 add new poshi property for gatekeeper logic
add a gradle task testsonjvm .
fix for grails - 8189 " geb functional tests pass every time when grails . project . work . dir is empty "
added storm - 232 to changelog
ignore project files from netbeans and jdee .
added support for tracking self hosted uniques .
restore default favicon when page loads so as to prevent a favicon from the last webpage being used
bump common ref .
adding 30001 and 30002 entry to list of errors
add stats .
point the correct property of the compile sdk version in the gradle . properties file
changing file permission from 777 to 755
minecraftforge / fml @ b6d95d704b65dd8232ec8ddd333de378db8fe161 name the log files properly .
fixing travis
lps - 34830 add aui - button - holder margins back
set revision 3 . 3 . 5 .
added file mode back
set last event time to previous event batch delivery time to apps
add compile . debug flag .
sonar - 5623 fix bad resizing of the result list
adds es_include on rpm
bump common ref
prepare 19 - beta3 .
disable optimizations for interfaces
fix a bug disappearing installerpackagename info of packages after reboot .
tweak document
removing comment about iterator
added storm - 1268 to changelog
not_found should have no arguments
removed useless variables .
adding the new module ( readerwriter - injection )
bump version to 1 . 0 . 0 - beta . 2 .
gh - 471 - updated travis script
fix input update font - style
update project props to 19
add performance tests for add , addall
using java5 compatible version of guava
adding twitter - search
fix build due to merge of 7595842 and renaming due to 8eb87f0
fixed setter in runtimeenvironment ( lucene locking )
upgrade maven - compiler - plugin to 3 . 0
improve supersu compatibility
accept " deliverability " and " oculus "
adding build status lable to readme ( # 146 )
added explicit version to scala plugin
log full stacktraces of failed unit tests
trim user defined string
add xstream dependency
removed a file generated during test
remove hardocded previous version
bump common ref .
add # 3479 ( source and capture cqlsh commands ) to changes
we need maven 2 . 0 . 6 for the html - to - pdf plugin to work
removed email address . . . peeps can contact me through github .
removed extraneous import
reset version for next release
add spot
add missing call to superclass method
resolve potential deadlock state during esthreadpoolexecutor shutdown
install required multilib package
prepare version 22 . 0 . 0 - beta5 .
tidied up script
remove the time . sleep ( 3600 )
fixed added whitespace in abstractatomicreferenceoperation .
publication client should not be setting the active term id .
register new checkboxes for intellij laf on mac os x
updated contributors with more details
lrdocs - 527 remove unused argument
initialize codec list before mediacodec . getcodecinfo ( )
revert " added storm - 756 to changelog "
remove old stuff from .
remove redundant unit in zero value form css .
updated build tools and sdk
update aboutlibraries
remove sysout
removing cinst
fixed doc - file duplicate of skip
fix bug where cpu could be stuck spinning
print a message before fetching available versions
add manifest . mf to ignores
enable watches and expression evaluation
only execute the builds on slaves with the android label ( # 3230 )
fix loading of available port in sonar - web
add gitignore intellij files
added img . loaded flag to loadimage , fixes some examples that use async loading .
use the release version for inspektr
ignored rrd directory that someone keeps creating for me
add @ test annotation for outerjoin test
remove failing pro guard configuration from performance example
follow change in parent .
lps - 69878 set proper type for groupkey field
add xml - commons - apis to yum dependency install script
bump engine . io - client
adjust the maven version number
added ( back ) counter increment when sending packets .
add kotlin reflection dep
set librsjni 32 - bit only
added missing @ override annotation in nearcachestats .
removed any remains of list appearance
add the command to install libtool for mac os x developers ( # 1009 )
updated submodule
disable appcache because it causes some charset issues with russian locale
adding pan behavior on preference dialog .
stack overflow fix
updated android library to fix bug related to file modification date
annotate a type for window . external .
upgraded parent version in pom . xml
added missing header
build target android - 17
move script to one line and add stacktrace to detect errors
prepare next development iteration
lps - 56228 add discussion actions to auth token ignore list
fix checkstyle
fixing transitive - ness of provided
removed extraneous orientation attribute
bumped version to 1 . 3 . 4 , final commit for minecraft v1 . 1
prepare next dev iteration
bumped version
updated ongl to 3 . 1 . 4
we don ' t need an application element in the library
setting version to 1 . 0 . 119
remove second occurrence to avoid future issues
fix jdbc databasemetadata . getidentifierquotestring
bump version number to 1 . 1 . 5 for maven
remove an unused import
initialize country and dialect specific engines .
added joachim baumann to the contributors
avoid copying launch_minecraft_in_background . py into the zip .
updated version number
haptics for pin enter key
improved error handling when font loading fails .
fix inputtype determination of webtextview
closes # 233 )
add extra google repo to travis config for play services
fixed wrong class filter condition
upgrade support library to 23 . 1 . 1
tweak bootstrap invocation
add vcs - log - graph - api to root build modules
modify local repo to / opt / bigbluebutton / repo so it ' s more generic and match with hudson
make an internal class package private "
fix relay tests , fix react . js whitespace
add 555
fix type in twitterrestclient .
fix the docs .
fix typo
fix comment
fixed cloning problem
added new files in .
adds shebang
ignore * .
add exception
fixed formatting / printing bug in cxdchunk .
added finally block that sets the system property back to null after use so as not to break other tests
fix formatting so - - docker option doesn ' t get obscured .
sonar - 7402 limit the width of the list of measures
prepare release checkstyle - 7 . 3
modified changelog . md
forked groovyc task
remove redundant ` private ` modifier from enum ctor
lps - 36582 change the default view to descriptive for journal
putting back test
fix check in dialog progress indicator height .
setting default name for multi - project
remove invalid import .
align dashboard action buttons
corrected association declaration .
updated spring lib version
add constant for premium sms screen
remove max_transfers from repeatedraptorprofilerouter ( not used ) .
set version to 3 . 3 . 0 from 3 . 3 . 0a
beta version = > 2 . 0 beta 11
use unspecified github token to build locally
updated parent version .
remove unneeded break statement .
updated avs version to 2 . 8 . 8
added changelog .
initialize layer position
revert " lps - 37902 deleting file entry types too "
make translator name clickable
fix issue with ellipsizing oh in poi ui
remove unnecessary " to " from docs for libraries
add # !
setting version to 1 . 0 . 107 - snapshot
upgrade actionbarsherlock to 4 . 2 . 0
fixed a typo in global settings
disable travis cache
add a *
removed unnecessary import
updated changes - hdfs - ec - 7285 .
delete unused method
disabling all version removal for test
add missing @ override annotation .
remove debug println
bump ant version to 1 . 9 . 7
lps - 37741 removed unused annotation
smack 4 . 1 . 0 - alpha6
reduce the heap to 14 for jenkins
updated to version 0 . 23 . 0 - snapshot
missing agentquitfromtouchingblocktype lava had broken tabular q learning sample .
removed unnecessary import
fixed error in devkit pom
do not merge 2928156 accessibility event ' s parcelabledata property not nullified during recycling ( gingerbread )
remove duplicate streets
remove overwritten style for p
renamed package
fixed bug in path builder , close # 1490
prepare release maven - android - plugin - 2 . 6 . 1 - ui - 1
fixed module name
make getlistview ( ) public and hidden , as it is needed for wifisettings .
provide a reverseeach method for arrays
remove duplicate code
move properties library to release
remove unused imports in shape2d
add 1 . 0 . 4 section
removed @ override annotation in jetcontentbasedfilesubstitutor . getdecompiledpsifile ( ) to avoid broken compilation .
changed power request to activation energy .
lps - 58126 revert " lps - 56015 we only want the regular parameters , see getparametervalues and other methods in the class . "
upgraded netty to 4 . 0 . 17
remove forgoten repeat from test
fix null check for baseobj . equals .
migrated samples - attributes to maven
fixed inverse of listener assignment .
fixing typo
restore ui impovement comment
adding extra - android - m2repository component
disable renderthread
use the latest version of android build tools
add storm - 1233 to changelog
bump master to 3 . 0 . 0 - snapshot
incrementing travis to 23
upped version number
remove unused property
fixing the test package name .
removed compositerunner constructor with just a class
idea - 83878 assertion in the groovy shell window kills the shell
added call to canvas . setfocustraversalkeysenabled ( ) in initsurface ( ) to
bump clirr comparison version
fix start delay jank in viewpropertyanimator
updated cucumber - features
fix lint errors
bowing my head in shame
abandon layer surfacetextures
commented out a failing line
fix crash when converting empty string to iob datums
removed tag roboguice - 2 . 0 - ignoreme
prepare release hikaricp - 1 . 3 . 8
use the github configuration for the teams
add abstractprocessingfilter . getauthenticationdetailssource ( ) .
add intellij files into gitignore
update target idea version on travis
improve mongodb script
fix missing processformfields
lps - 51081 remove parallel clean for now , to avoid race conditions on some machines
adding the .
add color picker library
removed documentation static from repo
override h2o default during drf2 with classification = 1
upgrade apache commons collections to v3 . 2 . 2
fix condition to check whether or not the database needs upgrading
fixed # 425
remove unnecessary code .
added change log entry
fixed typo .
add mike rosseel to the authors list
fix order of method call in test - setup
update crash for doc tests
changed dependencies back to snapshot versions after tagging
setting version to 1 . 0 . 110 - snapshot
updated library version
added checkstyle , classpath , project , and settings to gitignore
improve street name display
eliminate dependency on commons - io
remove unnecessary property
update changes
remove completed todo
add mssqlinjection id
removed the testing code
add readme - cn .
align ssl test in parsehost in bio and nio & apr
update todo
removed unneeded reference to jetty - ssl . xml , implicitly referenced
update emitter version
add deprecation notice to enable_metrics_collection
fix bug 43236 .
lrqa - 16444 add mentions property to collaboration component in test . properties
bump readme to 1 . 2 . 1
set dev
ignore rules for files generated by zeppelin - examples
fork every test class on travis .
fix race condition in test of asynchronously killing a cursor when closing an asyncquerybatchcursor
update travis conf
updated sample to use targetplatform ( new name for targetplatforms )
added test for " 005 " value in xml attr .
lps - 54278 fix js error
push version to 189 and 9 . 1 .
now closes readablebytechannel after it has been read .
added storm - 1196 to changelog
missing colon
upgrade dagger
lps - 31776 - fix portlet title shows pointer / hand cursor when signed out
added jmx example to the manual .
don ' t open links in new window from markdown documents
speed up test coverage check
set last_subscription_check after check
bumped transfuse to non - snapshot
commented maven push
fix build version for split - out artifacts
bump up 1 . 1 . 0
disable tqdm monitor thread which leaked
spellchecker add word ' blog ' and forms to jetbrains . dic
regenerate _collections skeleton for mac ( py - 2292 )
added log_file_name .
remove misplaced @ return in javadoc
reverted changes made for testing build server
undertow - 904 fix close issue with http / 2
add not null
added slack notifications for travis builds
fix visibility transitions canceling when nothing has changed .
added icon
exclude test - * .
upgrade to anonymous usage statistics plugin 2 . 0 . 0 - snapshot
configuration not needed any more .
update gradle
bump the memory allocation for tests .
remove unused boolean parameter
updated version
remove unused constant
( if there is no error , do change the target
resolved conflict
removed shear functions
updated version
updading clirr baseline
set 15 . 0 release version
document need for more test coverage
re - add the proper accessor
fixing the build .
log exceptions to debug so that they aren ' t totally swallowed .
setting version to 1 . 0 . 134 - snapshot
handle execptions while writting to the debug stream .
include sys / ictrl .
changed a typo from shnapshot to snapshot = )
removed redundant " pooled = true "
activating travis test script
add hg4idea to pycharm
changed delay of the runnable in startsyncfolderoperation of filedisplayactivity , adding 350ms
bump cqlsh ' s default_cqlver to 3 . 1 . 6
adds storm - 898
lps - 56179 add a .
also update the build - tools in travis configuration
bump to pegasus 1 . 8 . 25
make changelogparamters publicly accessable
fix up the makefiles and some samples .
add use for audio_unique_id_t
prepare release hdrhistogram - 1 . 0 . 8
add stop id to json serialization ( reported by colin )
upgrade revision number .
fixed broken test case
setting backround color if image comes directly from cache
fixing syncdoc task to avoid up - to - date message only because target directory already exists
make package protected , so other apps do not link it
add caching for m2 folder
fixed debugger process termination in case of daemon threads .
ignore sync - api 1 . 0 . 0 prep next
do not stop editing on ismodified invokation
updated version
add more to coordinatorservice
added some issues
pagedfilestorage $ storagelock $ bufferscache . createvalue
fixed small typo for bbb - record - - watch
push version to 15 . 0 . 2 , 15003 .
update shelf on project open ( ideadev - 12518 )
remove cmake download artifacts
update gradle wrapper to using gradle 2 . 2 . 1
update spongecommon for neighbor notify cause fix .
fix scroll - to - top in marketplace
remove target from .
revert " lps - 57534 should not use full path , but ci machines have a broken path setup , need qa to fix it .
add support for building and running our tests with gradle
fix the released and master versions for docs
rc is missing dataset
removed - i option from travis configuration
fix memory leak
updated changes . txt
set version as 0 . 4 . 7
delete line
add corey to .
force ast injected property check with staticcheckervisitor
add cardview dependency to the main lib
set release version
reapply fabric puglin
bump up revision number .
ignore local changes on .
don ' t publish shrinkwrap
upgraded guava to 15 . 0
